good hear I'm marquitos the one in the
revenge of the cheese here I have a
helicopter they lent me borrowed me
here my friend larry hernandez
I'm going to face
to the guachos on this occasion
Well, I'm going to break the guayos
still for already old not
the truth so I do not know how to drive but at
make the fight
well here I come to the base and the
government to the cock let's see what
agreement more straps come to the cock
right now
we have a train is going to take
to add they are already shooting at me
cock company
here I am going to give everyone the truth
other than marquitos is going to crack the
true for super nintendo take the
ball to create the clubs is
facing the navy the truth
shares
I'm fucking mother or file truth I'm
facing the navy the truth
not that the people are going to believe this
wood artist grave a gift tumbador
marquitos tomb all to the war
I do not know if I'm dreaming of the cock but
when doing a cuddle acquire it
Navy avenging the truth
his fucking mother
and now what do I do to the cock they took
let him prove the ranch to the cock of
new with behind this rock never you
fucking mother
to knock down everything markito grave
abounded markit and tumbado markito tomb
three more took everything down to the cock
fucking mother no better I'm going to appeal to the
verga much government much marine who
The truth is that they will not believe me at the same time
the folds we are dreaming past
to the cock of the drug but today I better
long hair grieves me to Verga's not
the ranch will believe me
buoy that does not feel the past of drinks
or what a fart to the cock
to take I confronted the government and seeing
his teacher losing control hear
having won the site there is for the
super try is marc english take me
star in the cock here crazy now that
water the cock
well I can have gando I feel that I
I lost the cock who doubts shipwrecked
who punches it jungle to the cock compas
wishing us in mind
not in the jungle that having given
lost and I crashed in the fucking
helicopter to the cock
walking lost of the shipwrecked alquier
verga us and where he hit with buts and
marquitos look how handsome I am to the
cock to discuss what william levy
na the cock
well I will investigate solberg to know
what but it is to ask where I am
such are the questions I am marquitos a
the truth
to the beat
today they accompany where I am going that you said
the point do not throw me where wandering
fuck your mother
you too with your fucking mother
it was your fucking mother to the cock compass with
markit online gets points
fucking mother I'm more lost than the
true
over here I'll see if I look at something here
to the cock his whore mother is not available
of cock they took the cock to the cock
there's another deer there to the cock
that is to say I am going to break it to the cock
you mix the bastard what good he has
borrow the plebes cuernava the cock
dizzy more lost that is the truth
to the cock and against another deer and
to take
bitches not going to believe me the
you bend the ranch to the yard
that I walk in the sierra lost to the bird
your fucking mother hostile advergames is
following him guachito still the navy
the green then fucking mother
when a routine with online markit is
he said and you're still following me
government and already have we will take as the
hair to the cock was that all other prick
marino to the cock with paco markito nobody
is going to get
fucking mother man this is a dream the
reality
good compas this was marquitos the
cheese experiment for a next
adventure today I faced the Navy of
government of the navy
good soon everything has been until then and
up the one who is hear